# GOOD
General Online Opinion Detector
With the variety of opinions on the internet, it can be extremely tedious and headache inducing to discover and compile all the information into a general idea. However, understanding the differences in viewpoints can facilitate opportunities for learning as well as personal growth and thoughtful opinion formation. Given how overwhelming websites like X and other news outputs can be, we sought to develop a solution to this prevalent issue. This problem can easily be realized by going on any of these websites, such as reddit, and typing in a keyword or topic. These topics can generally have hundreds of relevant posts with all sorts of different thoughts, overwhelming users instantly. We found this difficulty to be especially interesting and pressing, as the attention economy continues to be entirely consumed by social media. Billions of people globally spend hours every day on popular social media apps and websites, which can be considered detrimental to humanity’s progression. Many large corporations profit off of this, and continue to popularize their forms of media to gain more share in the global attention economy. Thus, methods of simplifying media have not developed. We sought to resolve this issue by using aspect based sentiment analysis (ABSA) with NLP. Although many models and language processing tools exist to resolve the internet’s abundance of information, we innovated by developing a system to search and compile text from various sources and apply ABSA to be more user friendly. This allows people without proficient technological expertise to still gain value from these models, which contributes to a growing diversity of online opinions. 
